Girl, you know your boy can
help you put that fire out!
Look at the bubble on that.
Let's go.
That's serious.
Come on, Ray,
you're making
me lose money.
Don't do that.
Don't do that
to me right now.
Come on, Ray. Do it.
Tej Parker?
This is Roman Pearce.
Basically, he's the
man to know in Miami.
He's got his finger
in absolutely everything.
It's just the way it is.
Come home to daddy.
Come on now.
What's going on, Suki?
What's up, baby?
How you doing?
I'm good. How you doing?
What's this?
What's the latest?
It's a work in progress.
It's not finished yet.
That's some artistic shit.
You got talent, girl.
Ray, it's do or die right now!
Bring it home, Ray!
Yeah, baby!
Pay up! Pay up! Pay up!
Pay up, everybody.
That's how they
do it out here,
man?
Every day.
That's crazy.
Right here. Right now.
What's up, man?
You don't look too happy.
Expeditiously, man.
I need it quick. What's up?
Thank you. Thank you.